get ci pipelines functional, and switch to ruff linter/formatter (#264)
rHomelab/LabBot-Cogs: README.md

The CI will fail unless your code is [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) compliant.

```bash
pip install -r requirements-ci.txt
isort . # This will fix the order of imports
black . # This will auto-format and fix a lot of common mistakes
pylint * # This will show general pep8-violations
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt -r requirements.txt
pre-commit install
pre-commit run --all-file
```

> If you use [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) you can use the tasks integrated into the repo to locally run the same tasks as our CI

Reviewer: Since linting/formatting tasks are in pre-commit now, it probably makes sense to remove `.vscode/tasks.json` and add a suggestion to use the [pre-commit-vscode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MarkLarah.pre-commit-vscode) extension if people still want to use VSCode tasks.

The CI will fail unless your code is [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) compliant.

```bash
pip install -r requirements-dev.txt -r requirements.txt
pre-commit install
pre-commit run --all-files
```

> If you use [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) you can use this [extention](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MarkLarah.pre-commit-vscode) to auto generate tasks for the pre-commit hooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) you can use the [pre-commit-vscode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MarkLarah.pre-commit-vscode) extension to auto generate tasks for the pre-commit hooks

```

> The CI will fail unless your code is [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) compliant.

Author: we are but im not sure how to write this other than "run ruff and see"

> The CI will fail unless your code is [PEP8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/) compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your code must be passed by our lint & type checkers to be merged:
```
